I've been having a restful December holiday - working out, coding up my Bachelor's Thesis and working on some web stuff every now and then. 2014 is almost done and this marks the third anniversary of this blog (SingByNight), my writing is becoming increasingly infrequent so I thought I'd add "write more" to my list of new year resolutions. I tried to find my resolutions for 2014 on the blog but couldn't (guess I was too lazy to make them). However, I did find the ones for 2013 so I thought I'd assess how I've followed up on them. 

#### 2013

1. Be a better person and perform a random good deed every day. Hmm, not too sure about the good deed part but I guess I'm a better person?

2. Be more organised, clear away the clutter and trim the fat so all You see is the goal. This one is definitely true, my presentation and organisation skills have definitely improved, just check the tags on my more recent blog posts and you'll see for yourself.

3. Try something new every month, regardless of whether its as insignificant as a new brand of toothpaste or as life changing as a spontaneous trip to Malaysia. I've tried a lot of new things this year, more than I thought I would ;)

4. Calm Down and take a look around once in a while, life is a lot harder for many other people. I think I've done a good job of this as well. I still get restless, but there are ways to pacify myself. 

5. Acquire a new skill set. A constant endeavour, should have made this, "Keep Acquiring new skill - sets". I have acquired a few new skills - speaking german, coding (better than before), playing Ukulele and communicating with team - mates/other professionals and planning trips on my own.

which brings us to now:

#### 2015

2015 marks my last year in University. It marks the end of one more chapter of life (high - school being the previous). I have about ~ 5 months left in NUS and have to utilise the time in the best possible way. So, my resolutions for the coming year are:

1. Play more piano - this is something that has really suffered this year, it'll take me a while but I have to get back on top of things.

2. Invest heavily in my bachelor's thesis - I don't want to trifle with the most important research component of my undergraduate career. I would like to be able to give my final presentation with confidence and satisfaction.

3. Make better use of time - I've started making calendar entries as opposed to Todo lists because they ensure I invest the time in doing something. Don't waste time watching TV shows - instead socialising, playing some music or even doing pushups are a better investment of time.

4. Code better, code smarter - I've spent a lot of time stumbling in the dark where new things took much longer to pick up than they should have because I focused on the wrong things. 

My ability to learn has improved. I'd like to continue working on my existing knowledge/skill base and improve my processes and mental models to pick up new skills.

5. Improve team - work skills - I feel I can improve the way I communicate and work in teams. I had quite few group projects and realised that there is ample room for improvement as far as my team work style goes.

6. Re - enforce active lifestyle and exercise schedule: Self - explanatory

7. Practice Frugality and thrift: Venturing out into the working world requires the maturity and understanding to save and grow money. I'd like to do a series of blog posts in June/July about safe investments and best practices for managing money. It's a skill I'd like to improve and master early on in my career.

Till next time!

Rohit
